1.0.3

New: It was added the field Tip to the cash register form. This allows those businesses not wanting to deposit tips in 
	the cash register to specify a tip linked to an order, at the moment of collecting it. In case of order reopening, the
	tips are removed from the database. It's assumed specified tips are in system currency. The tip's amount has no 
	restrictions. They could be any amounts not derived from the order amount nor change either.

New: Concept OpenShift added to conceptual model.

New: Now, as a condition to create an order, it's explicitly required to open a day. The current day or tomorrow day
	can be opened. A day can be opened only once and will remain in that state forever. Another condition to create an
	order is that current day or tomorrow day shift has not been closed. For the second condition to be met, a closure
	can be canceled. 

New: When the option 'First order on current shift requires a previous cash operation.' is unchecked, and no cash register
	operation has been realized after the last open day was opened, the cash register is emptied upon the creation of the first 
	order after the opening time of the last open day, by means of automatic withdrawals executed on behalf soberano.user.top 
	(superuser). Otherwise, it's required a cash register operation (deposit, withdrawal, balancing) to be executed by a user.

New: It was removed the function to migrate data from SYSCOOP-gastro DB to Soberano DB.

Fix: A bug in soberano."fn_InventoryOperation_getSPI"(shiftdatestr character varying, warehouseid integer,
	acquirablematerialid integer, lang character, loginname character varying) made wrong values were returned
	for future days when the current day was already closed. 

User manual: Revision 3.0, corresponding to v1.0.3. 
			Cambios respecto a la revisión anterior:
			1) pág. 57: Se actualizan los conceptos de día, turno y cierre.
			2) pág. 127: En paso 5 de procedimiento 12.1.1, se agrega “En 
				este punto, el usuario deberá decidir si abrir el turno del 
				día, o ir al formulario de cierres para cancelar el turno 
				del día y proseguir con el registro del nuevo pedido.”.
			3) pág. 142: En paso 3 de procedimiento 12.1.18, se agrega 
				“Se excluyen los artículos de pedidos vinculados a cuentas 
				por cobrar.”
			4) pág. 158: En el párrafo que explica la opción ‘El primer 
				pedido del turno actual requiere una operación previa de 
				caja.’, correcciones ortográficas y se agrega la explicación 
				para cuando la opción se deje sin marcar.